# Software-for-Filling-Station

Brief Description of the Solution : The management of filling stations often faces challenges in effectively handling accounting processes because most of them use                                        manual methods such as Microsoft Excel. These Traditional methods are time-consuming, prone to errors, and lack integration,                                           leading to inefficiencies and financial discrepancies. Manual accounting systems also pose risks of fraud and lack real-time                                           insights into financial performance. Thus, there is a pressing need for a comprehensive management system tailored to the unique                                       accounting requirements of filling stations.

Functionality and Features : This Management System Software for filling Stations Provides a User-friendly accounting system specifically designed for filling                                      stations to streamline financial processes. This Software also automate routine task like inventory management by providing the Dip of                                 each specific Tank Calculated from Meter Sales. There's another program in this Software which allows owner or management of the Filling                               Station to receive Emails about Sales of each and every shift, When a Fuel Load has been Received From the Distributor and the Dip of                                  each Tank after shifts of the Day. Further more this Software also calculate Employees Salary by taking in account the attendance of the                               employees, advance payments they have took, basic salary, etc. There's also panel in Homepage to display News and Articles related to                                  Crude Oil prices which allows to forecast Oil price even in Sri Lanka.
